SyncIndicator: new design (#683)
aragon/aragon-ui: src/components/FloatIndicator/README.md

| `React node` | None          |

The content of the indicator.

### `shift`

- Type: `Number`
- Default value: `0`

> Use this property to shift the position of the float indicator from its “end position” (right on left to right languages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to shift the position of the float indicator from its “end position” (the right side for left to right languages).
```
